Feat/6483 documentation amends (#112)
amido/stacks-azure-data: docs/workloads/azure/data/architecture/architecture_data_azure.md

  - azure
  - adf
---

Stacks Azure Data Platform serves two primary functions:

> * It offers a practical example of a fully integrated Data Platform.
> * It allows users to personalize the initial solution. This is achieved by generating new data
> pipelines from configurable templates and deploying them to the predefined blueprint data platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deployment of a fully integrated, modern Azure Data Platform.
* A framework for generating new data engineering workloads from configurable templates, and deploying them to the Data Platform.
```

## Architecture of the deployed solution

![High-level architecture.png](../images/Stacks_Azure_Data_Platform-HLD.png)

## Deployment workflow

> The following activity diagram depicts the steps to create the Core Data Platform, as well as the
> customizable Data Engineering Components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following activity diagram depicts the steps to create the core Data Platform, as well as the
customisable data engineering workloads:
```
